given that we now are able to look at
her own genome so to speak with 23andme
offering at $100 is this something you
have done would you do or is it
something that is useful for rest of us
that's a very important question I had
decided that thought long and hard about
it
I decide not to do it not to have my own
genome sequenced
partly because I don't know we don't
know what the determinants are for
schizophrenia right now so it would be
kind of an empty vacuum and even if I
realize that there would be a 20%
increase in my risk what would I do
about it but most importantly and here's
the moral conundrum I have two children
two daughters what if only one of them
turned out to have what if you sequence
their genomes and only one of them
turned out to have that predisposition
would it change the way that I thought
about my two children who I think about
equivalently right now it goes back to
your question which is and what's
interesting about it that this these are
choices that we will face these are
concrete choices carved in our future
and we'd better answer these questions
because the other concrete choices that
will be carved in our future I've
decided not to do this right now because
the knowledge is so insufficient but
make no mistake it's this is part of our
future it's coming our way and we'd
better have I hope
number one the vocabulary to deal with
it but number two the kind of humanistic
constructs to be able to answer what the
questions that are being asked by
unanswered by our genomes
you